"Kick" only when the current tile is renderable (#1042)
CesiumGS/cesium-native: CHANGES.md

- Fixed a raster overlay bug that could cause unnecessary upsampling with failed or missing overlay tiles.
- Fixed a bug in  `SubtreeFileReader::loadBinary` that prevented valid subtrees from loading if they did not contain binary data.
- Fixed a bug in the `Tileset` selection algorithm that could cause detail to disappear during load in some cases.

> - Improved the tileset selection's "kick" criteria to allow holes in a `Tileset`, when they do occur, to be filled with loaded tiles more incrementally.

Reviewer: Just some slight tweaks for clarity.

```suggestion
- Improved the "kicking" mechanism in the tileset selection algorithm. The new criteria allows holes in a `Tileset`, when they do occur, to be filled with loaded tiles more incrementally.
```
